[C#] Logging Example shown has a package dependency (#178)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/logging.txt

In this guide, you can learn how to use the driver to configure logging for your 
application. 

.. important::

>    To use this feature, you must add the `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To use this feature, you must add the `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging package
```

In this guide, you can learn how to use the driver to configure logging for your 
application. 

.. important::

>    To use this feature, you must include the `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging
>    namespace <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging>`__:
> 
>    .. code-block:: csharp
> 
>       using Microsoft.Extensions.Logging;

Reviewer: I: Microsoft.Extensions.Logging is a package you have to add to your project. The `using` statement simplifies using an already added package. (easy mistake to make if you don't use .net much!)

```suggestion
   To use this feature, you must add the `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging
   package <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging>`__
   to your project.
```
